David Altieri

contact info
email: altierid@my.uwstout.edu
phone: 920-850-3155

About Me:
I am 23 years old and hail from the town of Appleton, WI.  I attended University of Wisconsin Stout and have recently graduated with a bachelors degree in Applied Math and Computer Science with a concentration in Game Design and Development.  Languages I have worked with include Java, some C and C++, XHTML, Javascript, some PHP, Actionscript, Unrealscript, and SQL.

During the course of the Game Design concentration, I was voted to be one of the lead developers for our educational flash games project.
http://www.uwstoutgames.com/
My project was Digestive Disaster
http://www.sm-graphics.com/www.sm-graphics.com/Digestive_Disaster.html
(I recommend you lower the volume before playing.  The sounds were added last minute and can actually be somewhat irritating)
During my 3D game development course, we worked on a game called Spelunk.  It was a first person game about exploration and puzzle solving in mysterious caverns populated by extraodinary creatures.  My main contribution to the project was a grappling hook which could pull the player to higher locations or be used to swing across chasms or safely reppel down walls.
I have also helped work as part of a scrum team on a professor's research project involving collecting and visualizing GPS data.  I was among the visualization team in which we worked in java with JOGL


Work History:
From 2004-2006, I worked at the local McDonalds on the grill crew.  I was tasked with working the grill, friers, and the assembley table as well as tasks such as cleaning the grill area, taking out garbage, and various tasks in the freezer.

From 2006-present, I have been working a summer job at School Specialty, a company that fills orders for school supplies, at their Greenville, WI distribution center as a stocker.  I have had to fill orders, stock warehouse shelves. stock expidited inventory, and occasionally train new stocking employees.

I unfortunately do not have any programming employment experience.
